Well, good morning, Menlo Church, and welcome.
Welcome back to our series called I Am, where we're kind of walking through this season called Lent in the Week leading up to Easter as a part of our kind of personal and collective preparation of celebration for the resurrection of Jesus.
One of the ways that we do that and take part in this season together is through a daily devotional guide that we've created that parallels the teaching series.
If you haven't started that, I haven't downloaded or gotten into it,
yet is there still time?
You can find it at menlo.church.connect.
You can walk through that yourself or with your community.
We'd be honored to have you join us.
Today is such a fun weekend across all of our campuses in San Mateo, Menlo Park, Mountain View, Saratoga.
We have students who are helping out in some fun and exciting ways to remind all of us that they aren't just the church of tomorrow.
They're the church of today.
And in a lot of our campuses, the students that are helping out, they're doing the things they do
every weekend because the next generation really is the church of today here at Menlo all the time.
We just wanted to spotlight it uniquely this weekend.
In addition, we are celebrating baptisms this weekend.
Near the end of our services, people will publicly declare their faith in Jesus through baptism, which was modeled by Jesus as a way of making personal faith public.
And some of those people have actually recorded part of their story to share with you.
I'm really excited for you to experience it near the end of our time together.
Also, I want to name something that some of you, you came in today expecting primarily to spectate.
You came in to observe.
And that's great.
We're glad that you're here.
But over the course of the message, at some point, you may feel compelled by God to participate, actually, to even get baptized.
And as crazy as that sounds, it happens every one of these weekends across Menlo.
And so because of that, we want to make sure that we never stand in the way of what God may do in your life in these moments.
And so we have fresh
Shorts, shirts, ready for you, a place for you to change.
If you feel prompted by God at some point that you know, like, man, I'm peeling pulled to this public commitment of a personal faith.
Maybe you feel like I just need a hard reset in my life right now.
Please don't leave without taking that step.
I'll give you some instructions at the end, but we want to remove every barrier possible for you to experience that.
Now, before we dive into our time together, I'm going to pray for us, and we're
We're all sort of reeling and processing in real time what's happening on the other side of the world in Iran and the strikes that took place there and then ultimately the rising conflict that's taking place in the region.
And this is one of those times where we're just reminded that oftentimes we come to a moment like this with very different perspectives, at least in part because we have very different sources of information.
And so it's a reminder not to be informed or formed
to spiritually, by an algorithm or by a one-sided news take, continue to have wide-ranging conversations, pursue the best information.
The algorithm, no matter what it's telling you, it cannot pray for the people in Iran, it cannot pray for the region that's impacted, it cannot pray for our world leaders, and it cannot grieve the pain and loss that people are feeling, not just over the last few days, but over the last several months of atrocities that have taken place in that region.
And so we're going to do that.
Our responsibility, God's asked us to do that.
And if you don't know this, Iran is actually one of the places that has the fastest growing underground church of followers of Jesus in a heavily persecuted region in the entire world.
And we've watched thousands of them give their life for their faith in the most recent months.
And we're gonna be praying in just a moment that God would use that church, his people, not only to provide them safety, not only to provide them a voice, but that his kingdom
His will would be done in Tehran, in Iran, in the Middle East, and around the world because his church is given a unique opportunity to do that.
And so, again, challenge the algorithm, challenge the new sources that you receive to go get the best information that you might be most informed.
And remember what the information sources you are reading and receiving can do and what they can't do.
And let's make sure we do our part to bring the hurts of this world to the heart of heaven.
Would you pray with me now that we might do that together?
God, we really do grieve atrocities on scales we can't imagine.
It's not lost on us, God, that we look around a campus like the one we're at today or logged online.
And we're so grateful to be able to worship.
We're so grateful to be able to open your word.
We're so grateful to be able to have moments of celebration as a church.
But God, I'm reminded that with those who grieve, with those who weep, we grieve, we weep.
And so we think about our brothers and sisters in Iran right now.
We think about people who don't know you yet, but they're made in your image with infinite dignity, value, and worth.
And they're living under unparalleled
and threats of violence.
And so, God, would you bring peace to that region?
Would you quickly de-escalate and stabilize the government in that place?
Would you help world leaders to make decisions that are empowered by wisdom, not from them, but from you?
God, we pray that your kingdom would come, that your will would be done in Tehran, in Iran, in the Middle East, and around the world.
God, would you use your church to have a voice that is inexplicable, to have hands that are supernatural in their capacity to care for those who need it?
And God in our own lives help us to remember that as big as the world is and as much hurt and pain as there is around it, there's hurt in our life.
There's pain in our life.
There are circumstances for us too.
And help us not to just pretend those aren't there or to run.
Remind us over these next few minutes what it looks like to sit with you in them, even the difficult parts.
Thank you for the goodness of your hand in our lives.
Thank you for the grace that's available.
Help us to remember it now.
Not only in our lives, but the lives of those who need it all around the world.
in Jesus' name.
Amen.
So as we get started, I want to kind of think about a little bit of the unique facets of our region.
We are kind of like hardwired into the way we think about life, through the way we think about technology.
It's kind of everywhere.
When somebody tells you in Silicon Valley that they work in healthcare, in my mind, I'm like, yeah, but like technology healthcare, right?
Like technology is the first part of every answer, a little bit in people's mind.
And in computing, there's this thing called RAM, which provides for your active workspace.
of memory that lets you keep working and leave things open in the background.
It's why some of you have 75 Google Chrome tabs open right now on a computer that you're not at, right?
For a long time in Silicon Valley, our solution to a lagging system was really easy.
You just added more RAM so that you could run more things in the background.
But right now, the solution is really not that readily available.
With the explosion of commercial AI systems, RAM has become increasingly
and increasingly expensive as a result, and the commercial customers have made it more difficult for regular people to get their hands on it.
And the greater the demand these systems have, we'll create that problem even more.
Not only has that happened on the technology side, I think that's actually happened for you and me too.
We've hit the same wall regarding our lives.
As a matter of fact, we don't close any tabs in our personal lives, in our inner worlds, either.
We don't switch tasks, we just add.
And then in the midst of that, we try to upgrade our personal RAM, our internal capacity.
We try to think about how we hack or optimize.
For some of you, you have optimized sleep to an unbelievable level.
Others of you, I heard, are eating or like drinking mushrooms in your coffee, which is
wild, right?
We become completely obsessed with sheer willpower to keep our background processes running.
We're not always paying attention to how many are still running.
But that approach is breaking us because we're not machines.
See, when the load gets too heavy, our cultural instinct in that moment is to pray a prayer like this.
Even if you're not a person of faith, I bet you've prayed a prayer like this.
God, please give me the strength to keep up the unsustainable and unchecked level of commitment in my life.
I mean, we don't say it with those words, we say different words, they're nicer, but that's what we're praying.
But the questions that we're gonna be forced to consider today is what if God isn't adding capacity in your life on purpose?
What if he's actually crashing the system for your good?
See, most of us, when we feel that impulse, when we feel like the responsibility, the load is heavier than the limit, maybe not physically, but emotionally and spiritually, we run, we retreat from the thing we feel.
Sometimes our running looks like numbing with behaviors that we use to disengage from feelings of pain or exhaustion.
But believe it or not, what our lesson for us today that we're gonna learn is that faith grows in wrestling, not retreating.
You can't run away from the work that God needs to do in your life, and the longer you run, the more you retreat, the more wrestling is waiting for you on the other side.
Last week, we spent time in the desert with Moses, and this week, we are looking at his great, great grandfather, Jacob.
Now, when Moses was called to lead the nation of Israel, it's kind of a wild, full circle moment because that entire nation, Israel, was named after the new name that God gave Jacob in a really unique moment of his life that we're going to explore together today.
But unlike Moses, Jacob has way fewer pop culture references.
So you might be coming into the story with less to go on.
And so I want to give you a little bit of a heads up.
Jacob, if you looked at his resume, it kind of was like a Silicon Valley entrepreneur.
For the time, your name and what it meant carried a lot of significance in the culture that he lived.
And his name means the grasps, which he did literally in the womb.
It also means deceiver, which he did the moment he left the womb.
And before you get mad about it, right, we see it play out over and over again in his life, and it provides lessons for us in ours.
From day one, Jacob learns to run on a survival and manipulation pattern.
The framework and operating system of his life was just about scheming and running over and over and over again.
When Jacob's brother Esau was starving, Jacob extorted him for his birthright.
And in the middle of a culture where that was brilliant, it was also brutal.
Later on in his life, he would put on goat skins on his arms to feel like his brother, which part of me is like, how hairy was Esau?
That's wild.
And then he would go on to use this deception to trick his blind, aging, dying father into giving him the family blessing that was rightly reserved for Esau.
And then he ran again.
And after escaping the very well-deserved punishment that he would have received from his brother, he ends up with his uncle Laban, where he finally meets his match.
And he can't orchestrate or work out a specific outcome the way he had in the past.
He endured two decades of grueling labor at the hands of his uncle, manipulation, family drama.
And at the very end of that, he finally gets to leave with massive wealth, but no peace.
See, he was a self-made man who continued to spiral into self-destruction.
He had decades of dirt, desperation that everything about him when you read his story is looking to be washed clean.
Like, what would it look like for him to get to the other side of this?
And after all of this decades later, Jacob is heading home when he hears that his brother Esau turns out has not forgotten about how he left in the first place and is headed to meet his brother with 400 men who were not the welcoming committee.
And Jacob's system, the way he has lived his life, the way he has retreated over and over and over again, that system finally crashes.
He's alone, he's out of options, and he's running on empty.
This moment of desperation is where we join the story today.
And I'm gonna read the passage for our story today.
It's a little bit longer passage than we usually read at one spot.
And so my encouragement to you is whatever you need to do to really listen, to give God's word your attention, do that.
Maybe that's opening your own Bible and opening to this passage.
Maybe it's closing your eyes, looking at the screen, whatever you need to do that we might be able to hear together the word of God.
Here's how it starts.
It says, the same night he rose and took his two wives, his two female servants, and his 11 children, and crossed the forward of the jabok.
He took them and sent them across the stream, and everything else that he had in Jacob was left alone.
And a man wrestled with him until the breaking of the day.
When the man saw that he did not prevail against Jacob, he touched his hip socket, and Jacob's hip socket was put out of place as he wrestled with him.
And then he said, let me go for the day has broken.
But Jacob said, I will not let you go unless you bless me.
And he said to him, what is your name?
And he said, Jacob.
Then he said, your name shall no longer be called Jacob, but Israel.
For you have striven with God and with men and have prevailed.
Then Jacob asked him, please tell me your name.
But he said, why is it that you ask my name?
And there he blessed him.
So Jacob called the name of the place Penil saying, for I have seen God face to face, and yet my life has been delivered.
The sun rose upon him as he passed Penil limping because of his hip.
Now we're gonna look at this from three different places, three benefits of what happens when you and I stay in the fight when we wrestle instead of retreat.
But before we do that, we need to acknowledge that this scene is wild.
This is one of those stories that if you grew up in church, they sort of like go buy this one pretty fast in Sunday school.
Like, what happened?
Ah, let's move to the next one.
It's just the one that we have to sort of slow down and go, what just happened?
Because God didn't send a counselor.
He didn't send a contract.
He didn't send a scroll.
He didn't send like a conflict resolution plan.
He shows up personally in the dirt and wrestles Jacob.
That's the story.
Now wrestling, if you've never thought about it, it is the most intimate form of combat sports.
You're sweating, you're grappling, remember the name, Jacob and what it means?
You're breathing the same air and right there, God met Jacob, not as a distant judge, but as an opponent in the dirt of his decisions and the literal dirt that he found himself in as a part of decades leading to this moment of isolation.
Jacob had been running, had been retreating his entire life, but for the first time ever, he was in a spot where he has nowhere to run.
Retreat is no longer an option, with a brother coming from one direction with a few hundred friends who did not have nice intentions, and an angelic messenger ready to wrestle him.
Finally, he has no choice but to deal with the reality of his situation.
It's at this point that we see the first of the three benefits of staying in the fight in our lives.
And the first is that the fight brings an invitation to honesty.
It did it for Jacob and it does it for you and me.
Jacob, he was used to wearing lots of masks, lots of layers in his life that allowed him to manipulate and triangulate and get what he wants, or in some cases goat skins to be able to do that.
But in a wrestling match,
You can't fake it.
People see who you really are.
Like, you're too close for them to see something else.
You can't manipulate someone into a headlock.
You actually have to be close to them.
God wrestles Jacob to the point that he is beyond exhausted.
His self-reliance can no longer even be an option.
And his resources are long gone.
His masks and his layers, just like Moses was last week, have all been stripped away.
And that's exactly a picture actually that we see when people choose to get baptized.
What we see in baptism is God telling other people through you that it's okay to stop pretending that the polite polished polity of our religiosity is meeting the real need of people that are facing real challenges in their lives.
That God can handle your honest grief, your exhaustion, and the tough questions that you have that don't have easy answers.
because you can't fake it in a wrestling ring.
This is not WWF.
And baptisms, somebody at one of the services was like, wait a second, WWF's not real?
Sorry if I burst that bubble for you.
Baptism is a reminder that no one starts their story of baptism or their story with God with personal strength.
It's actually God's story with us that starts with wrestling in each of us, admitting where we fall short, admitting that we need Him.
And that's exactly where we find Jacob.
He's been wrestling in the darkness for hours, which feels wild to me.
I think it would take me seconds to get tired wrestling.
The masks are gone.
He's completely drained.
But just as he reaches this point where he is at the absolute end of himself, verse 25, shows us something interesting.
It says, when the man saw that he did not prevail against Jacob, he touched his hip socket and Jacob's hip was put out of joint as he wrestled with him.
Now we need to pause here and just have a moment of intellectual honesty about what we just read.
Does that really say that God couldn't overpower Jacob?
Is that what we're reading?
Now think about that for a minute.
Like a moment where the creator of the universe is to the point where he can't pin an exhausted aging shepherd.
Is that what we're reading in the passage?
Well, if God wanted to, we all know this, he could have vaporized Jacob with a single thought.
So why didn't he?
Theologians, they refer to what we're reading as something called a Theophany, which is a pre-incarnate appearing of Jesus in the flesh.
He shows up in the world before he would be born as a baby 2,000 years ago.
Think about for a minute what it's like for a loving father wrestling on the living room floor with a toddler who loves wrestling.
The dad could easily overpower the kid, but the goal isn't destruction, at least not for the dad.
I have had toddlers, the destruction, the plan for them for me, I think, is destruction.
But as the dad, the goal is not destruction, it's connection.
The father limits his own strength to let the child exert theirs.
He lets the child exhaust his or her tantrum, feel their limits, and eventually yield.
Now, God, in this passage specifically, I believe, restricts his divine power to make space for Jacob's strength, agency, and realization.
God allows himself to lose the physical match in order to win Jacob's heart.
He lets Jacob burn out of his human strength, and oftentimes with us, I think that's exactly what it takes.
Part of the way that we read about God in the Old Testament is something called anthropomorphism, where human language is used to describe how God works, but it is always limited because we are finite limited beings exploring an infinite God.
And I believe that's another aspect of what we're seeing right here.
that collision of human exhaustion and God's grace and the infinite nature of a perfect God.
It gets us actually to the second benefit, not just that there's honesty that we have an invitation for, but that the fight actually brings a limp of blessing.
The fight brings a limp of blessing.
See, when God touches Jacob's hip, he permanently dislocates it.
We usually assume that an encounter with God will leave us feeling invincible.
That's what we hope.
Like some of you, you came to church this weekend because you wanted an encounter with God and you thought, I didn't know that a dislocated hip was one of the possibilities, right?
See, we usually assume that an encounter with God will always leave us feeling better, invincible on the other side.
But Jacob, he walks away from this fight with a permanent limp.
Why?
Because the limp means that Jacob can no longer run.
means that all those things that he's been following, all those patterns that he's used to retreat, to get out of the situation that oftentimes he's put himself in, all of those resources are gone now.
His primary defense mechanism, the algorithm that he had relied on his entire life, has been completely dismantled.
And God knew that it would take this level of intervention for his life to really change and for the plan of God to actually be embraced for the future through his life.
And if we're honest,
Most of us, we don't mind the idea of an encounter with God, even if you're not a person of faith, as long as we don't have a limp afterwards.
We like altar moments, we don't like altered states, we like breakthrough, but we do not want the breaking that might come first.
We want to encounter God right now, but we have not counted the cost of that encounter, and I'll just tell you not to scare you, but to let you know there is always a cost to the encounter.
It's for your good, you need it, I need it, but we often don't want it, we've been retreating from it.
Sometimes the limp is a blessing.
For me, the limp actually didn't happen beside a river.
It happened on a football field.
In high school, I blew my knees out playing football twice because I'm a slow learner.
And in the midst of that, I wasn't wrestling with God about how he could do this.
I wasn't yelling on the field, why God?
No, no, no, I was just upset that my Friday nights just became open.
But looking back, football wasn't really the problem of what was going on.
Football, it didn't pull me away from God.
What I was letting it turn me into did.
See, I had sensed a call from God when I was younger about a pull toward orienting my life around him in a specific direction for my life.
But football, it gave me a different script to follow.
Identity through dominance, value through performance, approval through applause.
Now, none of that is inherently evil.
The sport wasn't sinful, but I could feel myself becoming someone God hadn't called me to be.
More ego, more image, more edge, less Jesus.
So when my knees gave out, I didn't do some massive, dramatic, holy wrestling match with God.
I retreated.
I pivoted into theater, which at 16 was like a pretty weird transition, right?
shoulder pads to stage makeup.
It was a different bag.
I was carrying with me, right?
I wasn't shaking my fist at heaven.
I was drifting.
I was letting myself become something else because the thing I loved was taken away.
But what I can see now is that that injury was a limp that God gave me.
God touched the socket of the thing that I leaned on most.
He dislocated my primary source of false identity.
And even now, decades later, if I push it on a runner, I push it on a bike rider, something happens, I feel my knees again.
I just remember the lengths that God was willing to go to redirect me.
Suddenly, I couldn't run in the same direction anymore.
Jacob's limp meant that he couldn't outrun conflict.
My limp meant that I couldn't outrun calling.
What is yours mean?
Some of you, you're here, and your limp, it isn't dramatic.
It's not visible.
It's subtle.
It's a failed startup.
It's a missed promotion.
It's a relationship that didn't work out.
It's a diagnosis you haven't told anybody about, and you're not sure what next steps are.
It's a closed door.
It's a season that didn't follow the script you'd written.
And you didn't wrestle with God.
You just pivoted.
You just retreated to the next thing.
But maybe that thing wasn't random.
Maybe it was God limiting your ability to run from Him because
limping with God is better than running on your own.
Maybe God is calling you right now to go slower with Him than faster on your own.
I think we've gotten so good at running so fast in the wrong direction.
And sometimes, the most loving thing that God can do for me, maybe for you too, is take the very thing that we're using to avoid Him away.
The limp is mercy.
The limp keeps us close.
The limp dismantles the version of us that can succeed without him, without surrender.
And baptism is this regular, beautiful reminder of that.
That we've stopped pretending, that we've let God in, that we don't enter the water strong, we enter it honestly, that we don't come in flexing, that we come in limping.
And here's the good news.
The limp doesn't disqualify you from God's plan.
It actually positions you perfectly right in the middle of it.
Jacob, he limped into the future as Israel, this new name.
I limped off of a football field and into a calling that I couldn't see yet.
And some of you, you're limping right now.
And you think that it means you lost, but maybe it means you finally stopped running.
Now, I want to be clear, not all limps that you and I experience are because we're running in the wrong direction.
Not all limps that we're experiencing are a loving father giving you and me supernatural correction.
Some of the pain and challenges and discomfort and atrocities that you face have nothing to do with choices you've made, but God can use them too.
And when we stop running, God is ready to do His best work.
That gives us, these us to our third benefit of staying in the fight, which is the fight brings a change of identity.
Look back at verse 27.
The wrestling match is winding down.
The sun is about to come up.
Jacob is out of resources.
His hip is dislocated and he's clinging to God saying, I will not let you go unless you bless me.
Remember Jacob, clinger.
And then the man asks a piercing, terrifying question.
What is your name?
Now in that culture, the question really was, who are you?
Now, if you remember Jacob's backstory from earlier at all, the last time that someone had asked Jacob what is your name was an aging dying father he was lying to.
His dad was asking him who he was and he lies and says Esau.
But here in this time, man, he can't do that anymore.
With his dad, he wore a mask to steal a blessing, but now he can't lie.
He can't lie to the Almighty in the dirt.
He's too close.
To get the true blessing this time, Jacob has to tell the truth.
He has to confess his true nature.
When God asks, what is your name?
Jacob finally stops pretending.
He tells the truth.
He says, I'm Jacob.
I'm the deceiver.
I'm the grasper.
I'm the runner.
I'm the one that's been doing this year after year after year of my life.
And look at how God responds.
He doesn't shame him.
He doesn't say, I know you're a mess, dude.
He says, your name shall no longer be called Jacob, but Israel.
for you have striven with God and with men and have prevailed.
God gives him a brand new name, really a new identity, Israel, which means wrestles with God.
God loved this broken limping exhausted hustler so much that he names his entire chosen people, the nation itself, after a midnight wrestling match with him.
Isn't that wild?
What God can do when we embrace the limp.
This is the beauty of the gospel, the good news of Jesus.
That when you finally stop running, when your ram crashes, when your system is on overload, when you finally confess who you really are, God doesn't remove you from his plan.
He renames you.
He gives you a new identity right in the middle of it.
Jacob wrestled with God in the dark and walked away with a limp.
And I'd love to tell you that after this interaction, Jacob's a changed man and he's just night and day better the rest of his life, but he still fails.
He still falls short.
He's still being shaped by God day by day.
Jacob was like us, imperfectly pursuing God and needing Him just as much today as yesterday.
But centuries later, after Jacob dies, God came down in the dark again.
This time, Jesus didn't come to wrestle us.
He came to wrestle for us.
He came to fight for us on the cross.
He would take the ultimate blow that we deserved.
He looked at our sin.
our exhaustion, our deception, our failure.
He allowed himself to be broken so that we could be finally made whole.
He didn't just take your, in my limp, he took the death that all of us deserve.
And then three days later, he rose again to offer you and me, not just a better life with him today, not easier, but better and more purposeful with him today, but an eternity with him.
And that's what we prepare to celebrate at Easter, that because he has new life, we have it too.
That's exactly what baptism is.
It's the physical declaration of a new identity.
You leave your old behind, deceiver, addict, failure, hustler, the one who runs, you leave all that at the bottom of the water.
And you come up with a new identity, a personal faith made public, beloved, forgiven child of God.
Some of you came in today, exhausted from wrestling, maybe exhausted from her treating.
You've been trying to upgrade your ram, outrun your past, or maybe fight your way to peace, and your system is crashing.
And God is wrestling with you right now, not to hurt you, but to get you to finally yield, not to run, not to even give up, but to let God win.
So if you're ready for a hard reboot today, if you're ready to stop running and finally let God win the wrestling match, I wanna lead you in a simple prayer.
You don't have to have everything cleaned up in your life, you don't have to be perfect, you just have to be honest.
I'm gonna pray this prayer a few words at a time.
For some of you, you're ready to make this decision to follow Jesus.
You pray these words out loud with me.
And if you're a follower of Jesus, even if you've been a follower of Jesus for decades, I'm gonna ask that you pray these words out loud with me as well as a reminder of the centrality and the primacy of God's grace in your life too.
And I'm gonna do one other thing that's gonna require you to move.
So in about five seconds, I'm gonna ask you to do something.
Everybody locked in?
I'm gonna ask you right now, as we pray,
to stand up at all of our campuses, and we're gonna pray together while you're standing.
Would you close your eyes, and if you're praying this for the first time, or you're reminding yourself after decades of following Jesus, pray these words with me.
Jesus, I'm tired of running.
I lay down all of my masks.
I've been wrestling, but today I yield.
Forgive me my sins.
and forgive me for trying to run my life on my own.
Thank you for fighting for me on the cross.
Today I leave my old identity behind.
I receive your forgiveness and a new identity in you.
From this day on, I choose to follow you.
Teach me to walk in your ways and at your pace.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
across all of our campuses, there are people that just made that prayer for the very first time.
And for some of you, you've sensed it, like God's calling you to take a step and to get baptized today.
I've already told you this.
There's everything that we could possibly have ready for you, we have ready.
And in the back of whatever room you're in, at whatever campus you're at, there are people waiting for you that would love to connect with you, that would love to show you to a place you can change, that would love to pray with you.
And so if God's calling you to do that, and just a second, I'm gonna pray, during that prayer or after it, just head to the back of the room,
from at the campus you're at and talk to them.
Don't leave today without taking that step if God's calling you to take it.
Would you pray with me?
God, thank you so much.
Thank you for the profound gift that you are still working, that you are still rescuing and redeeming, retreating, and running people.
Thank you, God, that wrestling with you is still an option, that your love for us is inexhaustible.
that none of us can outrun your grace, your love, your compassion, and your mercy.
Thank you for the lives that you've already touched this weekend, for the lives that have gone from death to life.
Would you even now help us to celebrate as your church, as people make that decision public?
In Jesus' name, amen.